v0.3.0 (#8)
VirgilSecurity/e3kit-js: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2018-11-30 0.3.0

* Removed method EThree.boostrap(pwd)
* Method EThree.bootstrap() renamed to EThree.register()

> * New method EThree.rotatePrivateKey() - used in case if you lost your private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New method EThree.rotatePrivateKey() - used in case you lost your private key
```

* New method EThree.restorePrivateKey(pwd) - used to fetch private key from Virgil Cloud

> * New method EThree.hasLocalPrivateKey() - used to check private key existance on a device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New method EThree.hasLocalPrivateKey() - used to check for private key existence on a device
```
